---
layout: post
title: First post of the year.
date: '2005-01-21 13:42:00'
---

I haven’t posted since before Christmas. Things have been a bit hectic. So I decided to just create one largish post with a fair amount of info. Christmas was great. The kids of course had a great time. I took some time off of work since Noah was on break from school and unfortunately Sarah does not get the assload of vacation I do. So the kids and I had fun for a couple weeks. On Christmas eve we went to my parents and spent the day with the family decorating cookies and eating way to much kick ass food. The food was so good I feel i must list it for you now: Little hot dogs in a secret sauce Rye bread with this swiss cheese/mayo/black olive/onion thing all broiled Crab cakes Fish soup There was also the usual cookies and other amazing desserts. Christmas morning was great. The kids are at that age where they get really excited. The only negative was Jack seemed to have gotten pink eye. New Years was pretty mellow. We didn’t have a sitter so we just had another couple over with their kid and ate and drank a bit, and played some games. There sure has been some crazy weather over the last month. There was the terrible tsunami and the rain on the west coast. I really cannot even grasp what has happened in Asia. Something of that magnitude is just unreal to me. It’s just terrible. The mudslides in California are pretty amazing as well. Kind of like Mother Nature just wants to make sure we remember who runs the show. Bush was sworn in for his second term yesterday. I made the decision a while ago to not be overly pessimistic about politics. It’s not worth my time to get all worked up. I’ll just say I hate the guy. He’s an idiot. Noah had her first school play this week. She was a cheetah. I’m going to put some pictures up in the future. She was really cute. I’ve been working on generating PDF invoices in PHP for work. It’s pretty cool now that I have it working. Setting up the pages is a huge damn pain though. It really is worth the effort to have nicely formatted PDF documents instead of crappy HTML that would look different depending on you browser or OS. Apple announced some really cool products recently. I’ll be commenting on them in the future I am certain.

<!--kg-card-end: markdown-->